updated next.js fullstack framework documentation (#9804)
highlight/highlight: docs-content/getting-started/fullstack-frameworks/next-js/3_app-router.md

## Enable server-side tracing

> We use [`instrumentation.js`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/instrumentation) to to capture [Next.js's automatic instrumentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/open-telemetry). This method captures detailed API route tracing as well as server-side errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [`instrumentation.ts`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/instrumentation) to configure [Next.js's automatic instrumentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/open-telemetry). This approach captures detailed API route tracing as well as server-side errors.
```

```hint

>  If you are below Next.js 15, you need to manually acticate this by activating instrumentationHook as experimental feature. **From Next.js 15 upwards this is already activated by default and you can skip this step.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you are using Next.js <15, you need to manually activate the instrumentation.ts file by activating instrumentationHook (an experimental feature). **On Next.js 15+ this is already on by default and you can skip this step.**
```
